ID: G1
Caption-Headline: Women more likely to delay medical treatment
ID: G2
Headline: Markets' prices shelve thrill of new selections
Caption-Headline: The price to eat
Caption-Text: Since the war, food prices have skyrocketed for Iraqis. More food is available, but prices have increased broadly for all items. Most food is still cheaper than what Americans pay.
ID: G3
Headline: Still troubled
Sub-Headline: Northern Ireland staggers toward normality
Caption-Headline: Catching up
ID: G4
Headline: Price problem hits home
Sub-Headline: High support for affordable housing may drown out its opponents
Caption-Headline: Where affordable housing ranks as issue
Caption-Text: How would you rate the important of these issues in your area?
ID: G5
Headline: SCIENCE CURRICULUM WINS NATIONAL PRAISE
Sub-Headline: Expert: Delaware project motivated students to learn
Caption-Headline: Performance
Caption-Text: Science test scores have climbed steadily since 2000, the first year that children in public school across the state were tested in the subject.
ID: G6
Headline: Media companies notice the sexiness of business news
Sub-Headline: Business may be journalism's 'last growth industry'
Caption-Headline: 'Journal' circulation holds steady, but with discounts
Caption-Text: &lt;i&gt;The Wall Street Journal&lt;/i&gt; continues to be a big seller, but a growing proportion of readers take advantage of discounts -- including sales of the electronic edition.
Continuation-Headline: With Social Security's future bleak, everyone needs investment news</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G7-1
Headline: Stop Pretending Nothing's Wrong
Sub-Headline: It's hard for men to admit or even recognize their own depression. How to get help.
Caption-Headline: Boys Don't Cry: Men and Depression
Caption-Text: Men are less likely to admit they're depressed than women, and may turn to alcohol, drugs and violent behavior instead of seeking treatment. A look at who's affected and how:
ID: G7-2
Headline: Stop Pretending Nothing's Wrong
Sub-Headline: It's hard for men to admit or even recognize their own depression. How to get help.
Caption-Headline: Boys Don't Cry: Men and Depression
Caption-Text: Men are less likely to admit they're depressed than women, and may turn to alcohol, drugs and violent behavior instead of seeking treatment. A look at who's affected and how:
ID: G8
Headline: Commercial Real Estate Shows Bubble Signs, Too
Sub-Headline: Values Rose 3% to Record In 2nd Quarter, Study Says, Aided by Increasing Rents
Caption-Headline: Overvalued?
ID: G9
Caption-Headline: Just as Secure, but Faster
Caption-Text: Programs that, say, compress files and compile code run faster with Jun Yang's new method than they do on a standard decryption (XOM) chip.
ID: G10-A
Headline: Online Recreation
Caption-Headline: Daily life on the Net
Caption-Text: Significantly more Americans accessed new, weather, political, travel, and religious information online in 2004 than did in 2000.
ID: G10-B
Headline: Online Recreation
Caption-Headline: Online-content spending
Caption-Text: The overall market for paid content (excluding pornography and gambling) has grown from $664 million in 2001 to $1.8 billion in 2004.
ID: G11-A
Headline: Fear at the Front
Sub-Headline: All soldiers are brave in the face of battle--until the battle breaks out. The war of nerves, and how the troops preparing for conflict with Iraq are coping with it.
Caption-Headline: To the Ramparts
Caption-Text: Washington may launch the war, but it's up to the troops to win it.
Continuation-Headline: Target: Iraq</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G11-B
Headline: Fear at the Front
Sub-Headline: All soldiers are brave in the face of battle--until the battle breaks out. The war of nerves, and how the troops preparing for conflict with Iraq are coping with it.
Caption-Headline: To the Ramparts
Caption-Text: Washington may launch the war, but it's up to the troops to win it.
Continuation-Headline: Target: Iraq</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G12-A
Headline: Microsoft's Cultural Revolution
Sub-Headline: How the software giant is rethinking the way it does business in the world's largest market
Caption-Headline: Microsoft Cozies Up to China
Caption-Text: Microsoft's strategy has evloved to meet the realities of business in China. The focus now is cooperation with the government and other firms. Some highlights along the way:
ID: G12-B
Headline: Microsoft's Cultural Revolution
Sub-Headline: How the software giant is rethinking the way it does business in the world's largest market
Caption-Headline: Microsoft Cozies Up to China
Caption-Text: Microsoft's strategy has evloved to meet the realities of business in China. The focus now is cooperation with the government and other firms. Some highlights along the way:
ID: G13
Headline: Universities gird for battle for bioscience supremacy
Caption-Headline: Follow the money
Caption-Text: Universities are expanding biotech programs as the federal government shifts more research money to life sciences.
Continuation-Headline: Stem-cell research emerging as a promising area of biotech discovery</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G14
Headline: THE ENIGMA OF RUSSIA
Sub-Headline: The economy is booming. But is the country really changing?
Caption-Headline: The Bad News
Caption-Sub-Headline: ...LIFE EXPECTANCY IS SHORT...
Continuation-Headline: The crackdown on oligarch Khodorkovsky has deeply alarmed business and foreign investors</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G15-1
Headline: Two Major Airlines Seen Near Filing for Bankruptcy
Caption-Headline: Problems With Cash Flow
Caption-Text: Increasing fuel costs and dwindling cash assets have contributed to the financial woes of Delta and Northwest Airlines. Both companies are having difficulty meeting the cost of pension plans.
Continuation-Headline: Northwest and Delta Are Said to Be Near Filing for Bankruptcy</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G15-2
Headline: Two Major Airlines Seen Near Filing for Bankruptcy
Caption-Headline: Problems With Cash Flow
Caption-Text: Increasing fuel costs and dwindling cash assets have contributed to the financial woes of Delta and Northwest Airlines. Both companies are having difficulty meeting the cost of pension plans.
Continuation-Headline: Northwest and Delta Are Said to Be Near Filing for Bankruptcy</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G16-1
Headline: A Small Town Reveals America's Digital Divide
Sub-Headline: EQUALITY HAS YET TO REACH THE NET
Caption-Headline: WIRED AMERICA: WHITE, URBAN, AND COLLEGE-EDUCATED
ID: G16-2
Headline: A Small Town Reveals America's Digital Divide
Sub-Headline: EQUALITY HAS YET TO REACH THE NET
Caption-Headline: WIRED AMERICA: WHITE, URBAN, AND COLLEGE-EDUCATED
ID: G16-3
Headline: A Small Town Reveals America's Digital Divide
Sub-Headline: EQUALITY HAS YET TO REACH THE NET
Caption-Headline: WIRED AMERICA: WHITE, URBAN, AND COLLEGE-EDUCATED
ID: G17
Headline: Report: Non-traditional media gain ground, consumers
Sub-Headline: Fact-checking ceding to 'journalism of assertion'
Caption-Headline: State of the news
ID: G18
Caption-Headline: Women's academic mastery
ID: G19
Headline: Katrina victims struggle mentally
Sub-Headline: Post-traumatic stress still rising, study shows
Caption-Headline: Illness lingers
ID: G20-A
Headline: Tsunami aid pushes up U.S. image, while Iraq pulls it down, poll finds
Caption-Headline: Global attitudes shift with U.S. actions
Caption-Text: U.S. tsunami relief effort boosted image:
ID: G20-B
Headline: Tsunami aid pushes up U.S. image, while Iraq pulls it down, poll finds
Caption-Headline: Global attitudes shift with U.S. actions
Caption-Text: Re-election of President Bush weakened it:
ID: G21
Headline: A Mixed Bag of U.S. Institutions
Caption-Headline: Patenting trends among survey respondents
ID: G22-A
Headline: SPREADING SUBPRIME PAIN
Sub-Headline: Many homeowners with adjustable mortgages face growing monthly payments. Some wonder where the money will come from.
Caption-Headline: The Rise of Subprimes
Caption-Text: From 2003 to 2005, the overall volume of mortgage lending in the region fell from $50.45 billion to $37.75 billion, but lenders on the Department of Housing and Urban Development's list of companies that specialize in subprime loans increased their business from $3.65 billion, or 7 percent of the total, to $4.97 billion, of 13 percent of the total.
Continuation-Headline: Subprime pain: A spreading woe</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G22-B
Headline: SPREADING SUBPRIME PAIN
Sub-Headline: Many homeowners with adjustable mortgages face growing monthly payments. Some wonder where the money will come from.
Caption-Headline: The Rise of Subprimes
Caption-Text: From 2003 to 2005, the overall volume of mortgage lending in the region fell from $50.45 billion to $37.75 billion, but lenders on the Department of Housing and Urban Development's list of companies that specialize in subprime loans increased their business from $3.65 billion, or 7 percent of the total, to $4.97 billion, of 13 percent of the total.
Continuation-Headline: Subprime pain: A spreading woe</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G23
Headline: Choosing Virginity
Sub-Headline: A New Attitude: Few teenagers are having sex. As parents and politicians debate the merits of abstinence programs, here's what the kids have to say.
Caption-Headline: Teens &amp; Sexuality
Caption-Text: Raised in the age of AIDS and better educated about sex and abstinence, more teens are saying &quot;no.&quot; Condom use is up and teen pregnancy is down. A look at the trends:
ID: G24
Headline: Planning the new socialist countryside
Sub-Headline: Spooked by angry peasants, China raises spending
Caption-Headline: Guns and butter
ID: G25
Headline: Obesity can run in social circles
Sub-Headline: Study: Peers affect ideas on fat and thin
Caption-Headline: Heavier Americans
Caption-Text: The average weight of women and men ages 20-74 has jumped over the past four decades (in pounds):
ID: G26
Headline: Perseverance may pay off for chipmaker
Sub-Headline: Founder and CEO of Nvidia has weathered tough times but sees brighter days ahead
Caption-Headline: Nvidia grows up, looks for new markets
Continuation-Headline: Intel, shift to laptops could be hurdles for Nvidia's traditional business</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G27
Headline: Troubled Legacy: Auto Industry, at a Crossroads, Finds Itself Stalled by History
Sub-Headline: From Sales to Labor Costs, Once-Storied GM, Ford Grapple with Past Practices; A Need to 'Change or Die'
Caption-Headline: Shrinking Giants
Caption-Text: Market capitalization for Ford and General Motors
Continuation-Headline: Auto Industry Finds Itself Stalled</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G28
Headline: Is Someone Listening to Your Phone Calls?
Sub-Headline: Bush's decision to allow the National Security Agency not to obtain warrants before eavesdropping on Americans communicating with people overseas has stirred up a firestorm.
Caption-Headline: Expanding use of FISA
Caption-Text: Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in 1978 to govern electronic surveillance used for foreign intelligence gathering. While the number of domestic federal wiretaps has remained steady over the past decade, wiretaps authorized under FISA have jumped.
ID: G29
Headline: Climate model predicts hot decade
Sub-Headline: As Pacific gets warmer, so will temperatures
Caption-Headline: Warming trend
Caption-Text: How much the average temperature is expected to increase worldwide when compared to the total average for the years 1979 to 2001:
ID: G30
Caption-Headline: How to gain civil rihts
Caption-Text: Which method adults believe is the best to gain one's civil rights:
ID: G31
Headline: China's Trade Surplus Tripled, topping $100 Billion Last Year
Caption-Headline: Fueling Friction
ID: G32-A
Headline: Will gas prices dent SUV sales?
Sub-Headline: Automakers say buyers won't change
Caption-Headline: Import automakers forge ahead
Caption-Text: Import automakers have increased market share in the USA during the past decade. They have done it by dominating the number of car models available and more than doubling the number of truck models they sell.
ID: G32-B
Headline: Will gas prices dent SUV sales?
Sub-Headline: Automakers say buyers won't change
Caption-Headline: Import automakers forge ahead
Caption-Text: Import automakers have increased market share in the USA during the past decade. They have done it by dominating the number of car models available and more than doubling the number of truck models they sell.
ID: G32-C
Headline: Will gas prices dent SUV sales?
Sub-Headline: Automakers say buyers won't change
Caption-Headline: Import automakers forge ahead
Caption-Text: Import automakers have increased market share in the USA during the past decade. They have done it by dominating the number of car models available and more than doubling the number of truck models they sell.
ID: G33
Caption-Headline: First-in-Class Ain't What It Used to Be
Caption-Text: In the pharmaceutical sector, the amount of time in which a new product has a market all to itself has diminished considerably over the past several decades. By the late 1990s, it wasn't uncommon for a first-in-class drug (the first drug to use a particular molecular mechanism to treat a condition) to have several competitors in various stages of clinical development--even before it was approved. A few decades ago, a new drug would have a corner on the market for about eight years. Now, that figure is closer to two years.
ID: G34
Caption-Headline: Latest CD rates
ID: G35
Caption-Headline: PAULSON'S WORLD
Caption-Sub-Headline: ...while Goldman Sachs has added debt faster than the U.S. government
ID: G36
Headline: Amtrak revives plan for fare increases
Caption-Headline: Commuters Facing Fare Hikes
Caption-Text: Amtrak has announced large increases for monthly pass customers starting next month. See story on B2.
ID: G37
Headline: Thai-made pickups crisscross globe
Sub-Headline: Japanese automakers shift production bases, lured by lower taxes, currency
Caption-Headline: Made in Siam
ID: G38
Headline: People to shoulder higher healthcare burden
Caption-Headline: Widening gap
ID: G39
Headline: Record cases in contract probe
Sub-Headline: Crackdown aims at 'second insurgency'
Caption-Headline: Cut off
ID: G40
Caption-Headline: Security clearance helps shrink pay gap
Caption-Text: The pay gap between men and women narrows for jobs that require security clearance.
ID: G41
Headline: Top execs stick to expansion in China after revaluation
Sub-Headline: Japan chief officers project yuan to gain 5-10% in 1 year, but basic strategy unchanged
Caption-Headline: Soaring
ID: G42
Headline: New policies revive failed insurers
Sub-Headline: Qualified workers chosen over mass hires to retain staff, lower policy cancelations
Caption-Headline: Higher productivity
Caption-Sub-Headline: Profiles of AIG Edison and AIG Star
ID: G43
Headline: Betting on specialized products, wide sales channels
Caption-Headline: Pension plans
ID: G44
Headline: Explosive potential foreseen
Caption-Headline: New media
ID: G45
Headline: Funds' property holding to hit ¥10 tln
Sub-Headline: Real estate funds own 15% of rental properties amid warnings of overheating
Caption-Headline: Institutional landlords
ID: G46
Headline: Gain a spouse and you'll likely gain some pounds, too, in first 5 years of marriage
Sub-Headline: Newly hitched couples add more weight than singles
Caption-Headline: Marriage penalty
ID: G47
Headline: Amid Europe's Gloom, Spain Blossoms With Short-Term Jobs
Sub-Headline: Employers Benefit From Shift, But New Workers Complain About Loss of Security; Mr. Ruano Ekes Out a Living
Caption-Headline: Staying Ahead
ID: G48
Headline: American Express Tries to Find Its Place With a Younger Crowd
Sub-Headline: Fearing Slowdown, Executives Reward Urban Customers With Glam Drinks, Dancing; Asking Interns What's Cool
Caption-Headline: Charged Up
ID: G49
Headline: Pentagon Envisions Operations With Small Satellites
Sub-Headline: Technical, Budget Problems With Big Ones Spark Push For Cheaper, Flexible Birds
Caption-Headline: Fueling Up
ID: G51
Headline: Leap Forward: For Adidas, Reebok Deal Caps Push to Broaden Urban Appeal
Sub-Headline: Known for Its Engineering, German Company Takes on Nike in Lifestyle Market; Teaming Up With Missy Elliott
Caption-Headline: New Competition
Caption-Text: Adidas's acquisition of Reebok may help it challenge Nike.
ID: G52
Caption-Headline: Life on campus
ID: G53
Headline: As Generics Pummel Its Drugs, Pfizer Faces Uncertain Future
Sub-Headline: Insurers Gain Skill in Battling Company's Marketing; Sales of Lipitor Stagnate; Developing a New Cancer Pill
Caption-Headline: Cholesterol Fight
ID: G54
Headline: Blunt-Talking Bernanke Warns of Inflation Risks
Sub-Headline: Remarks to Congress Suggest Interest-Rate Boost Is Likely; Industrials Hit 5-Year High
Caption-Headline: Room to Grow?
Caption-Text: How the economy grew in 2005 and Fed officials' outlook for the next two years
Continuation-Headline: Bernanke Warns of Inflation</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G55
Headline: As Detroit Slashes Car Jobs, Southern Towns Pick Up Slack
Sub-Headline: Seeking Improving Education And High-Skill Workers, Overseas Firms Pour In; Osceola's Charter-School Spat
Caption-Headline: Passing Muster
ID: G56
Headline: LG.Philips Fourth-Quarter Net Surged on Strong LCD Demand
Caption-Headline: Picturesque
ID: G57
Headline: Overseas and Energy Funds Sweep Top Honors in 2005
Caption-Sub-Headline: Midcap stock funds take top spot on the by-size podium...
ID: G58
Headline: World's largest banking group sets sail
Caption-Headline: Banking goliath
ID: G60
Headline: All serene
Sub-Headline: Our correspondent is leaving South-East Asia after four years. He reports that politics and economics there have never seemed so smooth
Caption-Headline: Laying the crisis to rest
ID: G61
Headline: Grossly distorted picture
Sub-Headline: It's high time that economists looked at more than just GDP
Caption-Headline: Fair play
ID: G62
Caption-Headline: Changing face of AIDS
ID: G64
Headline: Getting acquainted
Sub-Headline: Taiwan's government hopes India may lure its businessmen away from China
Caption-Headline: Second string
ID: G65
Headline: The politics of power
Sub-Headline: Concerns about security have driven the liberalisation of Europe's energy market into reverse
Caption-Headline: A mixed-up market
ID: G66
Headline: Growing pains
Sub-Headline: As institutional investors move in, hedge funds are losing some rough edges--and their spectacular returns
Caption-Headline: Hedging their bets
ID: G67
Headline: How to Fix No Child Left Behind
Sub-Headline: The landmark law has reshaped public education, exposed failing schools and made them accountable. It's also flawed. Here's our report card on the statute--and ideas for making it better
Caption-Headline: Early Report Card. The law demands that schools get better, bur progress may be in the eye of the beholder
Caption-Sub-Headline: 2. LESS SCIENCE AND HISTORY
Caption-Text: Because state assessment tests focus on reading and math, others subjects get squeezed out.
ID: G68
Caption-Headline: Growth Opportunities
ID: G69-A
Headline: India's shoppers want only best, lots of it
Sub-Headline: Spending power rises 'by the day'
Caption-Headline: More discretionary funds
Caption-Text: India's spending will shift from basic necessities to discretionary items.
ID: G70
Headline: Just to be fair, we gave them another shot.
Sub-Headline: (Ford Fusion beat Camry and Accord twice.)
Caption-Headline: FUSION CHALLENGE
Caption-Text: Results from 400 drivers in L.A., who were asked if the cars were attractive, fun to drive, performed well and handled with prevision. &quot;Yes&quot; responses scored one point. &quot;No&quot; responses scored zero. The results speak for themselves.
ID: G71
Headline: Fair to Middling in the Middle Class
Caption-Headline: The Vanishing Middle?
Caption-Text: Although the middle class is shrinking, it is because more households are becoming richer, not poorer.
Continuation-Headline: The Untimely, and Untrue, Death of America's Middle Class</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G72
Caption-Headline: Performance vs. Competitors:
Caption-Text: The Capital Appreciation Fund's expense ratio was 0.73% as of its first fiscal year ended December 31, 2006; the Lipper Flexible Portfolio Funds Average expense ratio was 1.62%. Lipper expenses are based on fiscal year-end data available as of March 31, 2007.
ID: G73
Headline: TRIPLE your money
Sub-Headline: 25 ways to earn 200% over five, eight, ten, 15 or 20 years. It's easier than you think.
Caption-Headline: TRIPLE PLAYS
Caption-Sub-Headline: How long they will take
Caption-Text: It's no surprise that investment classes with the biggest long-term returns take the least time to triple. But the bigger gainers tend to be more erratic year to year.
ID: G74
Headline: Why stocks are a BARGAIN
Caption-Headline: RISK VS. REWARD
Caption-Sub-Headline: Stocks and bonds face off
Caption-Text: Standard deviation is a measure of volatility--the lower the number, the less returns will jump up and down from period to period. Stocks return far more than bonds over time, so you'd expect their volatility to be proportionally greater, too. But that's not the case.
ID: G75
Headline: GETTING the BETTER HALF
Sub-Headline: In a little-noticed trend, women are finally achieving financial parity in divorce settlements--and men are goggle-eyed at the price tag. How an ex-wife's share can add up to 70 percent.
Caption-Headline: For Better or for Worse
Caption-Sub-Headline: Divorce is financially crippling to both men and women, especially compared with married people.
ID: G76
Headline: You and me and baby makes $197,700
Sub-Headline: 10 tips to child-proof your finances from staggering costs
Caption-Headline: Cost of raising a child
Caption-Text: A middle-income family will spend nearly $198,000 to raise a child from birth to age 17; the higher your income, the more you tend to spend on your child.
ID: G77
Headline: IS IT TIME FOR A new NEW DEAL?
Sub-Headline: Americans are prosperous, but worried--about jobs, health care, retirement. Now some in Washington are asking if life really needs to be this risky.
Caption-Headline: 1 Economy, 2 Stories. By quite a few measures, the U.S. economy has performed great. By others, there's legitimate cause for worry.
Caption-Sub-Headline: THE ANXIETY ECONOMY
Caption-Text: Families are having to work longer hours.
ID: G78
Caption-Headline: Active year for tornadoes
ID: G80
Headline: THE OUTLOOK IS STRONGEST FOR LARGE-CAP GROWTH STOCKS
Sub-Headline: Time for growth to take a turn
Caption-Headline: VALUE FUNDS HAVE BEEN ON TOP SINCE 2000, GROWTH'S TURN SOON?
ID: G81-A
Caption-Headline: THE EXIT POLLS
Caption-Sub-Headline: How Clinton Won
Caption-Text: 57% of New Hampshire voters were women, and they went strong for Clinton
ID: G81-B
Caption-Headline: THE EXIT POLLS
Caption-Sub-Headline: How Clinton Won
Caption-Text: Obama captured first-time voters, but Clinton was strong among older voters
ID: G81-C
Caption-Headline: THE EXIT POLLS
Caption-Sub-Headline: How Clinton Won
Caption-Text: Clinton also carried Democrats, who outnumbered independents 54% to 44%
ID: G81-D
Caption-Headline: THE EXIT POLLS
Caption-Sub-Headline: How McCain Won
Caption-Text: More than one-third of voters were independents, and they flocked to McCain
ID: G82-A
Caption-Headline: Poll: What Black Voters Are Thinking
Caption-Sub-Headline: HOW BLACK AMERICANS LINE UP POLITICALLY
Caption-Text: By age
ID: G82-B
Caption-Headline: Poll: What Black Voters Are Thinking
Caption-Sub-Headline: HOW BLACK AMERICANS LINE UP POLITICALLY
Caption-Text: By education
ID: G82-C
Caption-Headline: Poll: What Black Voters Are Thinking
Caption-Sub-Headline: HOW BLACK AMERICANS LINE UP POLITICALLY
Caption-Text: By annual income
ID: G83
Caption-Headline: Local Donations to Presidential Candidates in 2007
Caption-Sub-Headline: More than a third of the &lt;b&gt;$7.1 million&lt;/b&gt; raised by presidential candidates in the Philadelphia area came from 10 zip codes, all in Center City, Chestnut Hill, or the Main Line.
Caption-Text: Breakdown by region
ID: G84
Caption-Headline: Child Mortality Reaches Record Low
Caption-Text: For the first time ever, UNICEF has reported that the number of child deaths for the year has fallen below 10 million. Fifteen of the least developed countries have reduced the under-5 mortality rate 40% of more since 1990, thanks to vaccines, health education, mosquito nets and a little vitamin A.
ID: G85
Caption-Headline: Dismal Jobs Report, Especially For The Kids
Caption-Sub-Headline: Service-related firms, which account for the bulk of employment and hiring, barely added staff last month as retailers and temp agencies slashed jobs. Factories and builders shed workers again. Wage gains have cooled. The jobless-rate spike was led by a record rise in teen unemployment.
Caption-Text: Unemployment by age
ID: G86
Caption-Text: Chief executive departures 2008 vs. 2007
ID: G87
Headline: Price Of Not Extending Bush Cuts: Return To Historically High Taxes
Caption-Headline: Effective Tax Rates Under Clinton And Bush
Caption-Text: The cuts that President Bush pushed through reduced the tax burden for almost everyone making more than $20,000. Failing to extend the cuts would return taxes to levels that were among the highest on record
ID: G88
Headline: 12-Month Fund Flow
ID: G89
Headline: Mortgage Delinquencies, Foreclosures at Record High
ID: G90
Headline: Deciphering the Puzzle: Life with Autism
Sub-Headline: As the number of children diagnosed with autism continues to increase, more and more families must learn to deal with its effects.
Caption-Headline: Autism on the Rise
ID: G91
Headline: Comcast wins complaint
Sub-Headline: Verizon cannot use inside info to retain customers.
Caption-Headline: Grabbing The Phone
Caption-Text: Comcast has steadily gained landline telephone subscribers as Verizon has lost them.
ID: G92
Headline: Down pipes
Sub-Headline: Opium use has fallen in the past century--except for America
ID: G93
Headline: Who leads on the issues?
ID: G94
Headline: A mixed outlook
ID: G96
Headline: No contest
ID: G98
Headline: Misunderstood?
ID: G99
Headline: Chinese leapfrog
ID: G100
Headline: On the march?
ID: G101
Headline: Rich pickings
ID: G102
Headline: Addicted
ID: G103
Headline: The toll of war
ID: G104
Headline: Differing opinions
ID: G105
Headline: Legacy-Minded Bush Loyalist Fights Foes of 'No Child' Law
Caption-Headline: No Child Left Behind: By the Numbers
Caption-Sub-Headline: FINANCING FOR THE INITIATIVE
Continuation-Headline: Legacy-Minded Bush Loyalist Fights to Save 'No Child' Law</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G106
Headline: Good Times Left Lehman Unprepared for the Bad
Caption-Headline: Capital Management
Continuation-Headline: Lehman's Actions During the Good Times Left It Unprepared for the Bad</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G107
Caption-Headline: Earnings Now--and Later
Caption-Text: Every college graduate knows that not all careers are created equal. But according to a new report from salary-survey company PayScale, differences in earnings can widen with time. Results for the 10 most popular college majors:
ID: G108
Headline: Newspaper Circulation Falls Sharply
Caption-Text: Most of the country's 25 largest daily newspapers reported lower circulation than a year earlier. Over all, the 2.8 percent drop was the largest in 15 years.
ID: G109
Headline: Wall Street's Women Face a Fork in the Road
Caption-Headline: A Matter of Degrees
Caption-Text: Five our of 12 major business schools had a slight decrease in the female enrollment in the class of 2007 compared with the class of 2003.
ID: G110
Headline: At AOL, a Plan for a Clean Break
Caption-Headline: Changing Views
Caption-Text: Fewer people have visited some of the higher volume AOL Web services in the last year. However, interest has grown among some of the lesser used services, including pages that list horoscopes, recipes and financial advice.
ID: G111
Headline: When Sweet Statistics Clash With a Sour Mood
Caption-Headline: Family Values
Caption-Text: The American family's net worth, on average, rose about 6 percent from 2001 to 2004. But the median net worth--the midpoint that separates the top 50 percent from the lower 50 percent--barely rose, and remained less than one-fourth as large as the average.
ID: G112
Headline: New York Gets Sobering Look at Its Pensions
Caption-Headline: Pension Gap
Caption-Text: While New York City says its annual reports that its five pension plans for city workers are fully funded, an alternative calculation by the city's chief actuary suggest that the city has a substantial shortfall. The state allowed the city to postpone a portion of the actuary's recommended increased contributions to pensions from 2001 to 2005.
ID: G115
Headline: TV On-Demand May Make Ads More Targeted
Caption-Headline: New Media?
ID: G116
Headline: Venture-Capitalists Think Large
Sub-Headline: Bigger Chunks of Cash Are Going Into Later-Staged Companies; Visto Corp. Raises $70 Million
Caption-Headline: Arriving Late
Caption-Sub-Headline: The percentage of venture-capital financing in more-established companies is on the rise.
ID: G117
Caption-Headline: Age-old battle
Caption-Text: Older on-the-go gamers favor Sony's PSP over the Nintendo DS, according to research.
ID: G118
Caption-Headline: Belief in the afterlife increases
Caption-Text: The percentage of Jewish people who said they believed in life after death more than doubled between 1973 and 2004. Meanwhile, the percentage among Protestants and Catholics, already high, grew slightly.
ID: G119
Headline: The hospital they just couldn't save
Caption-Headline: Uninsured patients on the rise
Caption-Sub-Headline: PAYMENT METHOD FOR ST. FRANCIS PATIENTS
Caption-Text: Citing tens of millions of dollars in losses related to uninsured patients who cannot pay their bills, St. Francis Hospital &amp; Health Center will be shuttered.
ID: G122
Caption-Headline: FORECLOSURE NUMBERS DIVERGING
Caption-Text: While the number of foreclosures is leveling off in Minneapolis, it's rising three times as fast in the rest of the county.
ID: G123
Caption-Headline: Minnesota boys' and girls' math scores
Caption-Sub-Headline: 11TH GRADE
Caption-Text: A new study shows the gender gap in math test scores has disappeared in high schools across the United States, but not yet in Minnesota.
ID: G124
Caption-Headline: STATE DEVASTATED BY FLOODING
Caption-Text: Iowa's governor had declared 83 of the state's 99 counties as state disaster areas by Friday. Nine rivers were at or above historic flood levels.
ID: G126
Caption-Headline: OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY RISING
Caption-Text: Adults considered overweight increased by 50 percent and those who are obese more than doubled in the United States from 1980 to 2000. By 2004, two thirds of all adult Americans qualified as overweight and of those nearly half were obese.
ID: G127
Caption-Headline: CONFLICTING TALLIES
ID: G129
Caption-Headline: ATTITUDES LINKED TO PARTY IDENTITY
ID: G130
Headline: Still or sparkling?
Sub-Headline: Where bottled water is most popular
ID: G131
Headline: Connecting the dragon
Sub-Headline: China now has more internet users than America
ID: G132
Headline: Big bucks
Sub-Headline: Presidential candidates are raising and spending more money than ever
ID: G133
Headline: Goldfingers
Sub-Headline: How traders' testosterone levels affect their income
ID: G134
Headline: The cost of war
Sub-Headline: Deaths of women and children in Gaza
ID: G135
Headline: Bah, humbug!
Sub-Headline: The company Christmas party is falling victim to the credit crunch
ID: G137
Headline: Going up
Sub-Headline: University attendance is growing
ID: G138
Headline: Weighed down
Sub-Headline: Rich countries, especially, are piling up debt
ID: G139
Headline: Foreigners, go home
Sub-Headline: Where hostility to migrants is most intense
ID: G140-A
Headline: London Falling
Sub-Headline: Fueled by a finance boom, the city was a magnet for money and talent. Now a darker era looms
Caption-Headline: By the Numbers. London's wealth has been driven by its success in finance
Caption-Sub-Headline: FINANCIAL CAPITAL
Caption-Text: The source of the city's economic strength has shifted over 20 years
ID: G140-B
Headline: London Falling
Sub-Headline: Fueled by a finance boom, the city was a magnet for money and talent. Now a darker era looms
Caption-Headline: By the Numbers. London's wealth has been driven by its success in finance
Caption-Sub-Headline: ASSET MANAGEMENT
Caption-Text: London has eaten into New York City's share of the global hedge-fund market
ID: G141
Caption-Headline: Washington
Caption-Sub-Headline: A RECESSION WINDFALL FOR RECRUITERS
Caption-Text: With layoffs sweeping the country, all branches of the militray have met or surpassed their recruiting goals in recent months as Americans look for stable employment. In the fiscal year that ended in September, the military surpassed its goal by adding 184,841 new active-duty service members.
ID: G142
Caption-Headline: The world according to GM: A look at the Detroit automaker's deep reach in Michigan, the United States and around the globe
Caption-Sub-Headline: Around the world
Caption-Text: While GM's operations around the world are performing fairly well, the company's critical North America operations remain deeply troubled.
ID: G143
Caption-Headline: Housing sales start seasonal climb
Caption-Text: Call it the holiday blahs, but home sales generally are slower in January, then start to pick up after the Super Bowl, according to Northeast Ohio real estate agents.
ID: G144
Caption-Headline: Yahoo's losing battle against Google
Caption-Sub-Headline: Yahoo's declining share of searches
Caption-Text: Since Google's IPO in April 2004, its revenue and profit have grown to overshadow Yahoo's. In addition, Google is catching up to Yahoo in the number of unique visitors to its sites. In December 2006, Yahoo sites registered 131 million unique visitors to Google's 113 million. In December 2007, that gap had narrowed to 137 million for Yahoo compared with 133 million for Google.
ID: G145
Caption-Headline: Largest U.S. airlines
ID: G146
Caption-Headline: Steel imports drop, exports rise, prices soar
Caption-Text: A weak dollar has helped keep steel imports at bay, while providing more export opportunities for U.S. steel makers and their U.S. customers. Both factors, along with strong demand, have contributed to a historic rise in steel prices.
ID: G147
Caption-Headline: The price of gas around the globe
Caption-Text: Here is how gasoline prices in the United States compare with other countries with competitive markets.
ID: G148
Caption-Headline: FirstEnergy's costs and charges
Caption-Sub-Headline: Fuel cost increases
Caption-Text: FirstEnergy Corp. proposed modest rate increases over the next three years for its three Ohio companies in a filing with state regulators Thursday. FirstEnergy's average residential prices have been above the national average for the last decade, but the difference is expected to narrow because of rising fuel prices and transmission costs.
ID: G149
Caption-Headline: Median household income up
Caption-Text: Median household income grew from 2006 to 2007, although Cleveland remains among the lowest in the nation.
ID: G150
Caption-Headline: Tougher stance on low-level drug abusers
Caption-Text: Even as the number pleading guilty to a single drug-possession charge has increased in Cuyahoga County, the percentage allowed to plead to a misdemeanor has plummeted.
ID: G151
Caption-Headline: Death toll on decline
Caption-Text: Ohio is on track to have fewer motor vehicle fatalities in 2008 than in any of the last 75 years. That is reflected in local numbers.
ID: G152
Caption-Headline: First-time jobless claims spike in fourth quarter
Caption-Text: New claims for unemployment benefits in Ohio skyrocketed toward the end of last year, far outpacing a typical fourth quarter. And for the year, claims were up over the same period in 2007 for each month since March.
ID: G153-A
Caption-Headline: Serpentini Sales
Caption-Sub-Headline: New car sales
Caption-Text: New car sales have been down at each of Serpentini Chevrolet's four dealerships this year, though used-car sales are up at two.
ID: G153-B
Caption-Headline: Serpentini Sales
Caption-Sub-Headline: Used car sales
Caption-Text: New car sales have been down at each of Serpentini Chevrolet's four dealerships this year, though used-car sales are up at two.
ID: G154
Caption-Headline: It's the thought that counts
Caption-Sub-Headline: What we give
Caption-Text: Tough economic times means that average Valentine's Day spending is expected to decline 17 percent this year. We will be giving less candy, jewelry and clothing and sending more cards instead, the National Retail Federation says.
ID: G156
Headline: For A.C. casinos, low figures in high season
Caption-Headline: Atlantic City and Pa. Gambling 'Win'
Caption-Sub-Headline: The amount gamblers lost and casinos gained in June.
Caption-Text: A.C. casinos grossed $322.7 million in June, a 13.6 decline decrease from a year earlier.
Continuation-Headline: A weak June for A.C. casinos</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G157-A
Headline: Turbulent times for major U.S. airlines
Sub-Headline: Even as some gains are being reported, nearly all are making schedule and workforce cuts.
Caption-Headline: Declining Revenue
Caption-Text: Three major airlines reported declines in revenue and passengers in the second quarter.
Continuation-Headline: Airlines</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G157-B
Headline: Turbulent times for major U.S. airlines
Sub-Headline: Even as some gains are being reported, nearly all are making schedule and workforce cuts.
Caption-Headline: Declining Revenue
Caption-Text: Three major airlines reported declines in revenue and passengers in the second quarter.
Continuation-Headline: Airlines</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G158
Headline: Parking fines easy cash for cities
Sub-Headline: But bills' extra bite may leave tourists with bitter taste
Caption-Headline: Rising fines
Caption-Text: Some municipalities that have raised parking fines this year:
ID: G159
Headline: Germany's carmakers take the green road
Sub-Headline: Luxury buyers can expect to see an array of choices
Caption-Headline: Gasoline alternatives expected to grow
Continuation-Headline: Greener luxury cars come with high prices</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G160
Headline: A Magic Moment For Ford of Europe
Sub-Headline: It's been cashing in on Europe's cash-for-clunkers programs, but the future could be dicier
Caption-Headline: WEATHERING THE SLUMP
ID: G161
Headline: RETIREMENT THE BIG RETHINK
Caption-Headline: AFTER THE CRASH
Caption-Text: The stock market's descent sliced about 30% from the net worth of an imaginary Jill and Jack crash. How much must they dial back their living standards? Depends on how many years they have until retirement, according to software from Economic Security Planner.
ID: G162
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: AS THE ECONOMIC FEAR FACTOR WANES, OBAMA SLIPS A NOTCH
Caption-Headline: Reversal:
Caption-Text: Democrats were the gloomier party in December. Now Republicans are more negative.
ID: G163
Headline: New credit card rules start Thursday
Caption-Headline: Under the wire
Caption-Sub-Headline: Credit card issuers have been hiking some rates and fees before the terms of the new credit card law take effect.
Caption-Text: Recent hikes: The prime rate fell 2 percentage points this year, but the average variable rate on cards dropped about 1 percentage point
ID: G164-A
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: WHERE TO FIND THE HIGHEST YIELDS
Caption-Headline: RATES AROUND THE WORLD
Caption-Text: Central banks in Pakistan and Hungary actually raised short-term interest rates over the past year. Target-rate cuts in Britain and Chile were among the deepest.
ID: G164-B
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: WHERE TO FIND THE HIGHEST YIELDS 
Caption-Text: Yield Curve: The U.S. has a big gap between short- and long-term rates.
ID: G165
Headline: FIELD GENERAL
Sub-Headline: Triumphant just a few years ago, the ethanol industry now finds itself embattled. Environmentalists are turning their backs on it, and it's even catching flak for higher food prices. Enter Wesley Clark to rally the troops.
Caption-Headline: Living on the Margin
Caption-Text: WHEN CORN WAS CHEAP, WALL STREET POURED MONEY INTO ETHANOL. BUT PRICIER CORN AND CHEAPER ETHANOL HAVE DIMMED INVESTORS' INTEREST.
ID: G166
Headline: EUROPE: THE YOUNG AND THE JOBLESS
Sub-Headline: With one in five Gen Yers unable to find work, a new &quot;Lost Generation&quot; may be in the making
Caption-Headline: CONTINENTAL DRIFT
ID: G167
Headline: Moscow market's closure upsets Beijing
Sub-Headline: Thriving wholesale venue filled with Chinese goods stirs authorities' ire; owner punished for lavish move, some say
Caption-Headline: Market traders
Caption-Text: The unexpected shutdown of the sprawling Cherkizovsky market in Moscow has stirred trade tensions between China and Russia.
ID: G168
Headline: Temple University is raising its standards
Caption-Headline: Making the Grade
Caption-Text: With applications up 50 percent since 2000, Temple University is becoming tougher to get into.
Continuation-Headline: The changing nature of Temple University</Continuation-Headline>
ID: G169
Headline: Renovating Home Depot
Sub-Headline: That's part of CFO Carol Tome's job, and after the housing bust it's tougher than most--but the lessons are valuable for anyone.
Caption-Headline: A Tighter Race
Caption-Text: AS HOME DEPOT SLOWS ITS PACE OF NEW-STORE OPENINGS, LOWE'S IS CATCHING UP
ID: G170-A
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: PROFITS PERK UP AT LARGE U.S. COMPANIES
Caption-Headline: WHERE MARGINS ARE GETTING FATTER
Caption-Text: Profit margins at health-care, utility, consumer staples, and consumer discretionary companies have actually improved in the past year.
ID: G170-B
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: PROFITS PERK UP AT LARGE U.S. COMPANIES
Caption-Headline: Playing catch-up:
Caption-Text: Net income reported by many of America's most profitable companies remains below year-earlier levels.
ID: G171
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: EDUCATION, EMPLOYMENT, AND EARNINGS
Caption-Headline: Educational Enrichment:
Caption-Text: Workers with college diplomas received the biggest dollar pay increases over the past year.
ID: G172-A
Headline: Why the Statistics Point Toward Progress
Sub-Headline: Hans Rosling, a Swedish physician and thinker, argues that the recession is just a tiny setback
Caption-Headline: LONGER LIVES, LARGER INCOMES
Caption-Text: Around the globe, lifespans are dramatically increasing, and incomes are rising
ID: G172-B
Headline: Why the Statistics Point Toward Progress
Sub-Headline: Hans Rosling, a Swedish physician and thinker, argues that the recession is just a tiny setback
Caption-Headline: LONGER LIVES, LARGER INCOMES
Caption-Text: Around the globe, lifespans are dramatically increasing, and incomes are rising
ID: G173
Headline: How Dr. Z plans to fix Mercedes
Sub-Headline: Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche is considering an agreement with BMW, rebranding Mercedes, and gambling on the future of green cars.
Caption-Headline: MERCEDES GOES INTO A SKID
Caption-Text: The German automaker is losing money as well as ground to rivals Audi and BMW.
ID: G174
Headline: Obesity Rates Hit Plateau in U.S., Data Suggest 
Caption-Headline: Tracking Obesity Trends
Caption-Text: A study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows that obesity continues to be a concern in the United States for all age and race groups.
ID: G175
Caption-Headline: Working hours
Caption-Text: The average number of hours worked each year has been falling in most rich countries over the past 15 years. In 2004, the Japanese worked 12% fewer hours than in 1990. Most Europeans have also been working less: 10% fewer hours in France and 6% fewer in Germany. Americans and New Zealanders toiled the most in 2004, while the average Dutch worker put in around 25% fewer hours than his American counterpart. 
ID: G176
Headline: Listen to Music Free, but Pay to Carry
Caption-Headline: Same Tune, New Player
Caption-Text: Growth in digital music downloads has not been rapid enough to offset declining CD sales despite brisk iPod sales.
ID: G177
Headline: Eyes on the Road: Reframing Talk on Small-Car Safety
Caption-Headline: A Decade of Difference
ID: G178
Headline: Advertising: Meredith Builds Up a Sideline in Marketing
Sub-Headline: Magazine Owner Supplements Its Print-Ad Revenue by Taking on Email and Mobile-Media Campaigns for Clients
Caption-Headline: Growing Gap
ID: G179
Headline: Bonus Blowback Bypasses Brokers
Sub-Headline: Retention Pay, Signing Awards Get Thrown at Top Talent; a $10 Million Payout at Smith Barney
Caption-Headline: Getting Their Cut
ID: G180
Headline: After Greece, Now the Real Sovereign-Debt Challenge
Caption-Headline: Age Concern
ID: G181
Headline: Investment Dollars Flow To Green Energy Start-Ups
Caption-Headline: Green for Green
ID: G182
Headline: Patents in China Hit a Record
Sub-Headline: Multinationals Say Policies Will Crimp Investment in Technology Development
Caption-Headline: Bright Ideas
ID: G183
Headline: At Piedmont, Paltry Payout Seen for IPO
Caption-Headline: Market Timing
ID: G184
Headline: AT&amp;T Details Plans for Upgrading Network
Sub-Headline: Carrier Earmarks Up to $19 Billion to Boost Capacity as Earnings Show How Important iPhone Is to Its Wireless Growth
Caption-Headline: Customer Support
Caption-Text: Apple's iPhone has driven AT&amp;T's wireless growth
ID: G185
Headline: IPhone Emerges at Core of Apple
Caption-Headline: Good Call
ID: G186
Headline: World News: Foreign Takeovers Take a Toll in U.K.
Sub-Headline: Kraft's Acquisition of Cadbury Feeds Discontent That Nation Is Losing Locally Controlled Industries
Caption-Headline: Crossing Borders
Caption-Text: Foreign takeovers in the U.K. amount to more than those in Japan and Germany, two larger economies.
ID: G187
Headline: World News: Rating Agency Knocks Japan's Outlook
Sub-Headline: S&amp;P Warns of Downgrade Unless Policy Makers Can Reverse Deflationary Spiral While Reducing Public Spending
Caption-Headline: Outpaced
ID: G188
Headline: NBC Gets Set to Fix Prime Time
Caption-Headline: Who Has the Remote?
ID: G189
Headline: Google Says It Is Committed to China as Net Soars
Caption-Headline: Clicks Pay
ID: G190
Headline: Earnings: Union Pacific Net Falls, but Growth Stirs
Sub-Headline: U.S. Railroad's 17% Decline in Profit Outpaces Analysts' Estimates as Quarterly Shipping Volumes Gain Some Steam
Caption-Headline: Union Pacific
ID: G191
Headline: China Seeks To Temper Boom, Stirs Growth Fears
Caption-Sub-Headline: ...and housing is increasingly unaffordable in big cities.
ID: G192
Headline: Corporate News: EBay's Earnings Soar With Sale of Skype
Caption-Headline: Competitive Marketplace
Caption-Sub-Headline: EBay reported modest growth in the fourth quarter, but it is losing ground to Amazon in unique visitors.
ID: G193
Headline: New American Cash Conundrum: Too Much
Caption-Headline: Mixed Blessing
ID: G194
Headline: &lt;i&gt;Good to Great&lt;/i&gt; Hits Grade School
Sub-Headline: Behind the success of KIPP, the charter school powerhouse, is a business mentality
Caption-Headline: KIPP'S VITAL STATISTICS
Caption-Sub-Headline: ... KIPP gets results
Caption-Text: Students at schools in poor communities score big gains on standardized tests
ID: G195
Headline: The Bond Vigilantes Who Left Greece in Ruins
Sub-Headline: Now, Europe is under pressure to rescue the Greeks while keeping other EU members in line
Caption-Headline: DEFAULT INSURANCE GETS COSTLIER
Caption-Text: Prices of credit default swaps on sovereign debt have risen this year, indicating investors' greater nervousness that national governments will default on their debts.
ID: G196
Headline: Euro Pain Could Blow Back on Big U.S. Banks
Caption-Headline: Heart of Darkness
ID: G197
Headline: Workplace Remains Key Source of Health Coverage
Caption-Headline: Counting Coverage
ID: G198
Headline: The downside of debit cards
Sub-Headline: Sure, they're convenient, but losing one or using one carelessly can cause you a world of grief
Caption-Headline: Bank fees follow customers to debit cards
Caption-Text: As the use of debit cards grows faster than credit cards, banks are bringing in more in overdraft fees.
ID: G199
Headline: NUMBERS
Sub-Headline: YES, THE HEALTH-CARE BUSINESS IS RECESSION-PROOF
Caption-Headline: RISING PROFITS ALMOST ACROSS THE BOARD
Caption-Text: Margins rose steadily through the recession for most health-care businesses. Drug retailers and health-care providers were the exceptions.
ID: G200
Headline: STATE OF INNOVATION
Sub-Headline: Maryland has it all--a rich R&amp;D infrastructure, a well-educated workforce, and a diversified industrial base.
Caption-Headline: TECHNOLOGICALLY SAVVY
Caption-Text: Maryland leads the country in IT jobs.
ID: G69-B
Headline: India's shoppers want only best, lots of it
Sub-Headline: Spending power rises 'by the day'
Caption-Headline: Banking on service
Caption-Text: India's service industry will drive the country's gross domestic product.
ID: G24-A
Headline: Planning the new socialist countryside
Sub-Headline: Spooked by angry peasants, China raises spending
Caption-Headline: Guns and butter
ID: G201
Headline: Microsoft Bid to Beat Google Builds on a History of Misses
Caption-Headline: Search and Display
Caption-Text: Estimated U.S. spending on ads tied to Internet search results has eclipsed spending on display ads.
ID: G202
Headline: Bulgari's Net Is Buoyed by Move Into Emerging Markets
Caption-Headline: Looking East
ID: G203
Headline: Nokia, Again, Cuts Forecast for Cellphone Market
Sub-Headline: CEO Sees Consumers Opting for Less-Expensive Handsets, Hopes to Gain a Larger Piece of Smaller Pie Next Year
Caption-Headline: Mixed Market
ID: G204
Headline: Gas Engines Get Upgrade in Challenge to Hybrids
Caption-Headline: Gas Engines Rev Up
ID: G205
Headline: GM to Build Diesel Engines in Thailand
Caption-Headline: Global Growth
Caption-Text: General Motors' second quarter revenue from its North American automotive operations is down 33% form the same period a year ago, but abroad, revenue is growing.
ID: G206
Headline: Australia Pushes Clean Coal
Sub-Headline: Fears of a Backlash Against Top Export Drive Effort
Caption-Headline: More Coal, at a Cost
Caption-Text: Australia got 45% of its energy from coal in the year ended June 2004, but coal was the source of 54.8% of its greenhouse-gas emissions from energy, which are thought to contribute to global warming.
ID: G207
Headline: Chinese Banks Try Self-Promotion
Sub-Headline: Hard Facts Not Gauzy Image Are Focus of Ad Campaigns As Competition Draws Near
Caption-Headline: Product Pitches
ID: G208
Headline: Barack Obama-san
Caption-Headline: Tokyo's Decade of 'Stimulus'
ID: G209
Headline: What to Know When Choosing A Tax Preparer 
Caption-Headline: Tax Facts
Caption-Text: Single people represent the largest single filing category on federal income-tax returns.
ID: G210
Headline: Bush Plots Health-Care Push
Sub-Headline: Employer-Plan Tax Change May Aid Coverage for the Needy
Caption-Headline: President Bush's Political Health
Caption-Sub-Headline: With polls showing voters increasingly concerned about health care, and Democrats favored on the issue, the White House is looking at new health policy initiatives.
Caption-Text: Which of these issues do you think should be the next highest priority for the federal government to address?
ID: G211
Headline: H-P Tries to Revive PC Sales With Touch Screens
Caption-Headline: Sagging Sales
ID: G212
Headline: Alcoa-Alcan Would Face  New Competitive Pressures
Caption-Headline: Metal to Spare
ID: G213
Headline: Health Accounts Have Benefits For Employers
Caption-Headline: Paying Less
ID: G214
Headline: SAP, Oracle Boost Software Prices
Sub-Headline: Moves Seen as Means Of Fattening Earnings As Competition Fades
Caption-Headline: Scaling Back
Caption-Text: World-wide growth in IT spending
ID: G215
Headline: Corporate Tuition Aid Appears to Keep Workers Loyal
Sub-Headline: Studies Reinforce View Of Improved Retention; UTC's Plan Stands Out
Caption-Headline: Making the Grade
Caption-Text: A study found turnover at a nonprofit institution was lower among employees who participated in the group's tuition-reimbursement program.
ID: G216
Headline: Snail Mail: As Economy Zooms India's Postmen Struggle to Adapt
Sub-Headline: Beaten by Private Couriers And Unable to Downsize State Tries to Diversify
Caption-Headline: Losing Rupees
Caption-Text: India Post's average cost to deliver a piece of mail is often higher than the average revenue it receives.
ID: G217
Headline: Companies Try to Teach Old Phones New Tricks
Caption-Headline: Cutting the Cord
Caption-Text: Growing numbers of Americans are ditching their landlines in favor of using their cellphones alone.
ID: G218
Headline: Hong Kong Culls Chickens After Avian Flu Return
Caption-Headline: Deadly Threat
ID: G219
Headline: Hong Kong Aims to Embrace Nearby Shenzhen 
Sub-Headline: Move Could Boost Regional Economy But Hurdles Remain
Caption-Headline: Merger Opportunity
ID: G220
Headline: BBC's Credit Policy on Web Site Draws Notice of News Providers
Caption-Headline: Global View
Caption-Text: Unique monthly Web site visitors to BBC United Kingdom compared to BBC Worldwide
ID: G221
Headline: PCs Get Cheaper, For Now
Sub-Headline: To Move Soon-to-Be-Dated Models, Makers Sell at Rock-Bottom Prices
Caption-Headline: Price Drop
ID: G222
Headline: How 10 People Reshaped Massachusetts Health Care
Sub-Headline: The 'Connector' Board Makes Tough Choices For Sweeping New Law
Caption-Headline: Mass Coverage
ID: G223
Headline: Slowing the Data-Center Power Drain
Sub-Headline: Technology Executives Federal Officials Join Forces to Study Ways to Lower Energy Costs
Caption-Headline: Surging
ID: G224-A
Headline: In Call to Deregulate Business a Global Twist
Sub-Headline: Onerous Rules Hurt U.S. Stock Markets But So Do New Rivals
Caption-Headline: Not Made in U.S.A.
Caption-Text: Many trends putting pressure on the NYSE and Nasdaq are global: A surge in Chinese IPOs has boosted Hong Kong's exchange, while private-equity buyouts are soaring around the world.
ID: G225
Headline: Why Asia May Be a Sucker Bet
Sub-Headline: Online-Gambling Firms Target the Far East but Hurdles Await
Caption-Headline: What a Gamble
Caption-Text: Online betting is rising...
ID: G226
Headline: Ford Takes the Honorable Route
Caption-Headline: Ford's Focus
ID: G227
Headline: Corporate Focus: Dispute Takes Toll On Polish Telecom
Sub-Headline: PTC Loses Share Amid Long Battle Over Ownership
Caption-Headline: Dropped Calls
ID: G228
Headline: Ford Eyes More Cuts As Recovery Advances
Sub-Headline: Earnings Improve, Quality Ratings Up; Volvo Sale Possible
Caption-Headline: Downsizing
ID: G229
Headline: Tough Decision Looms on Space Shuttle's Fate
Caption-Headline: Budget Tradeoffs
Caption-Text: NASA spending on the space shuttle and its replacement program, Constellation
ID: G230
Headline: Financing: Readers and Owners Weigh In
Caption-Headline: Raising Money
Caption-Text: Fast-growing small companies were asked in a quarterly survey to describe their credit line or amount of credit availability.
ID: G231
Headline: In Europe, Bustling East Props Up the West
Sub-Headline: Continent's Economic Heartland Powers Ahead as Exports to New EU Members Surge
Caption-Headline: New Europe Gives Old Europe a Boost
Caption-Text: Euro-zone trade with developing markets has expanded
ID: G232
Headline: How Sweet It Isn't
Sub-Headline: Maker of Equal Says Ads For J&amp;J's Splenda Misled;  Chemistry Lesson for Jurors
Caption-Headline: Bitter Battle
Caption-Text: U.S. sales of top sugar substitutes
ID: G233
Headline: In Military-Spending Boom Expensive Pet Projects Prevail
Sub-Headline: Defense Firms Reap Rewards As Pentagon's Priorities Run Into Resistance --- Rumsfeld Wins Few Battles
Caption-Headline: Spending Campaign
Caption-Text: The Pentagon has increased outlays on programs largely conceived before Sept. 11, 2001
ID: G234
Headline: Channel Change -- Television's Power Shift: Cable Pays for Free Shows
Sub-Headline: Broadcasters Want Cash To Carry Their Signal; Super Bowl Is Hostage
Caption-Headline: Tube Tussle
Caption-Text: Satellite TV is gaining on cable
ID: G235
Headline: Arcandor Is Hurting Whitehall
Sub-Headline: Debt Deadline Looms as Goldman-Led Consortium Negotiates to Prevent Collapse of Retailer
Caption-Headline: Hard Sell
Caption-Text: Investment in German retail fell sharply amid crisis
ID: G236
Headline: Ikea Hits Home in China
Sub-Headline: The Swedish Design Giant Unlike Other Retailers Slashes Prices for the Chinese
Caption-Headline: Cheaper in China
Caption-Text: Price comparisons for Ikea products in the U.S. and China
ID: G237
Headline: As Funds Leverage Up Fears of Reckoning Rise
Sub-Headline: Fedand SEC Question Wall Street on Policies; A Mockery of Margin
Caption-Headline: Rising Tide
Caption-Text: Hedge finds are using more borrowing and other financing tools to magnify their market bets.  The value of those bets, compared to funds from clients:
ID: G238
Headline: U.S. Plots Deal Over Yuan Valuation
Sub-Headline: China Is Quietly Offered Help On Getting Bigger IMF Role If It Eases Currency Stance
Caption-Headline: Global Sway
Caption-Text: China's clout in the International Monetary Fund is far smaller than its share of the global economy.
ID: G239
Headline: Two Mammals' Longevity Boosted
Sub-Headline: Transplant Drug Lengthens Lives of Mice, and Fewer Calories Benefit Monkeys
Caption-Headline: Longer Lives
Caption-Text: Effect of rapamycin on the maximum lifespan of mice
ID: G240
Headline: Japan Helps TV Makers Develop OLED Technology
Sub-Headline: Sony, Sharp, Others Aim to Mass-Produce Next-Generation Sets
Caption-Headline: Organic Growth
ID: G241-A
Headline: New Players Reshape Wireless Germany
Sub-Headline: Consumer Use Grows as Prices Fall and Big Carriers; Market Share Slips
Caption-Headline: Caution Callers
Caption-Text: Germany's cellphone market has been curbed by high prices and low usage
ID: G242
Headline: How Giuliani's Rise Vexes Republicans
Sub-Headline: Plaudits on Mayoral Record Suggests a Potential Schism Over Social Economic Issues
Caption-Headline: Split Decision?
Caption-Sub-Headline: Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani's strongest appeal among Republican conservative voters is to those focused on economics and national security - not social issues.
Caption-Text: In which ways should the new president follow Bush?
ID: G243-A
Headline: Spain's Housing Boom Faces a Test
Sub-Headline: Economists Worry About a Hard Landing and a Resulting Ripple Effect
Caption-Headline: House of Cards?
Caption-Text: Economists fear Spain's resurgent home-building spree (right) could bring a sharp price correction - and portend a bust that will undermine the broader economy.
ID: G244
Headline: Baghdad's Strange Dilemma: Flush With Oil Cash Unable to Spend It
Caption-Headline: Clogged Spigot
Caption-Text: The Iraqi government has not been spending all the money it has available
ID: G245
Headline: A Look Ahead for Real Estate
Sub-Headline: Caution Is Widely Seen As Uncertainty Persists In Home Rental Markets
Caption-Headline: A Moderate Outlook
Caption-Text: And the percentage of investors expecting sale-price gains is lower in 2007, which could keep cap rates from falling further
ID: G246
Headline: More Workers Cite Age Bias After Layoffs
Caption-Headline: Bias Complaints
Caption-Text: From September 2007 through the same period last year, employment-discrimination filings with the EEOC have increased.
ID: G247
Headline: Southwest Makes Inroads at Hubs
Sub-Headline: Airline's Strategy Bears Fruit; Fares Drop Revenue Rises
Caption-Headline: Hub Attacks
Caption-Text: Just as it did in Baltimore a decade ago, Southwest Airlines has been gaining market share at other airlines' big hubs.
ID: G248
Headline: Making Email More Productive - and More Secure
Caption-Headline: Write On
Caption-Text: All emails sent annually world-wide
ID: G249
Headline: Can CBS Put the Net Into Network?
Sub-Headline: Broadcaster Launches Plan Syndicating Shows on Web Admits Old Strategy Failed
Caption-Headline: Net Nets
ID: G250
Headline: Not Enough Slices In Web Ad-Dollar Pie
Caption-Headline: On-Off Switch
Caption-Text: Ad expenditures on traditional media vs. online
ID: G224-B
Headline: In Call to Deregulate Business a Global Twist
Sub-Headline: Onerous Rules Hurt U.S. Stock Markets But So Do New Rivals
Caption-Headline: Not Made in U.S.A.
Caption-Text: Many trends putting pressure on the NYSE and Nasdaq are global: A surge in Chinese IPOs has boosted Hong Kong's exchange, while private-equity buyouts are soaring around the world.
ID: G241-B
Headline: New Players Reshape Wireless Germany
Sub-Headline: Consumer Use Grows as Prices Fall and Big Carriers; Market Share Slips
Caption-Headline: Caution Callers
Caption-Text: Germany's cellphone market has been curbed by high prices and low usage
ID: G243-B
Headline: Spain's Housing Boom Faces a Test
Sub-Headline: Economists Worry About a Hard Landing and a Resulting Ripple Effect
Caption-Headline: House of Cards?
Caption-Text: Economists fear Spain's resurgent home-building spree (right) could bring a sharp price correction - and portend a bust that will undermine the broader economy.
